Checklist.rdoc (see git history for checked off tasks)

- Edit "Edit" and "Back" on /new for journal and task so that they route to task#index or journal#index if :project_id doesn't exist. Should be straightforward ternary.

- Clean up indexes by
	d) Defining column width.

- Change some datetimes to just time. These are journal begin and end time, task due date, project due date

- Add validation so that description/title are needed for everything.

- Refactor application.css and organize with comments.

<<<<<<< HEAD
- Quick Add Task has to submit AJAX-ially

- Sort has to go up and down, watch the railscasts video. Default to the logical direction (true for active, false for complete)

- Sort w/ hide per original wireframe layout (active : snoozed : closed)

- Add jquery to Project#New so parent only an option if Toplevel is checked.

- Pass the sort parameter into the link for journals vs meetings.
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
* - Clicking "Save" when Editing an existing creates a new record, probably because of the :method in the :url for the form_for. Occurs on tasks and journals and projects. Solution: put an if statement in the :method in the same manner as in the :url to use the update method instead of the create method. Have to know how to detect if its update or create (should try - it may already be baked in - cf. the button says Update vs Save).
>>>>>>> ff0e199479193a3a03d0d3da3468af990b62fdff

- Enable sorting on journals vs meetings for viewing all.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
- Got the best_in_place gem working by NOT copying the .js file into my vendor/assets but rather just by doing gem install best_in_place.
=======
- All#index Add AJAX to replace the checkbox when it is clicked. Needs to have class added.
>>>>>>> origin/Full-function-no-AJAX-tollgate
>>>>>>> ff0e199479193a3a03d0d3da3468af990b62fdff
